You might get the idea that something solution hard to train is not the best way to go.
It seems counter intuitive.
So what we're going to do is to apply some Oberth sampling techniques such as smoked.
Will start with verify that we cut that ready.
We can do that from the command line just from Jupiter.
And we'll also import the library
next week.
Our X Y biofilms you see small
we will use some whole mess but I'll give it us in put the x y that we already have.
We just need to change from white to up.
It will transform the output function to pondus.
Lots of things.
That is what we would need for later
next we will apply the same chain just split function to split ours into train and test data it's
next.
We will retrain our model with then you will just copy that code before starting by transforming everything
into not by a race
then where we eat the National Park training in our multiple
We will also Gobbi decode for blood.
In the confusion matrix same must before and now.
Notice how the chenge part is a lot slower.
That's because we oversample our data set and we cover a lot more training that
first official my tricks for our test than for the entire
We were just lost soul destroying parks.
But Julie copy this
now just call the number on satchels.
The first parts cost a lot but we only have six Sutherlands sanctions Lingala us for alderman's.
Also notice how we cover absolutely no fraudulent suctions label us none Trudell and entire.
We don't deal with sampling affects.
We also shop only 1000 transactions that none fraudulent transactions that were labeled as fraudulent.
This means we have almost none.
False positives which reduces the amount of work of our fraud department.